README.md, before:

# mod-courses

Copyright (C) 2019-2022 The Open Library Foundation

This software is distributed under the terms of the Apache License,
Version 2.0. See the file "[LICENSE](LICENSE)" for more information.

## Introduction

Backend CRUD storage module to support the Course Reserves functionality

## Prerequisites

* Java 11 JDK
* Maven 3.3.9

## Additional information

The [raml-module-builder](https://github.com/folio-org/raml-module-builder) framework.

Other [modules](https://dev.folio.org/source-code/#server-side).

Other FOLIO Developer documentation is at [dev.folio.org](https://dev.folio.org/)

### Issue tracker

See project [MODCR](https://issues.folio.org/browse/MODCR)
at the [FOLIO issue tracker](https://dev.folio.org/guidelines/issue-tracker).

### API documentation

This module's [API documentation](https://dev.folio.org/reference/api/#mod-courses).

### Code analysis

[SonarQube analysis](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=org.folio%3Amod-courses).

### Download and configuration

The built artifacts for this module are available.
See [configuration](https://dev.folio.org/download/artifacts) for repository access,
and the [Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/folioorg/mod-courses/).

Commit message:

Add pointer to the overview

README.md, after:

# mod-courses

Copyright (C) 2019-2022 The Open Library Foundation

This software is distributed under the terms of the Apache License,
Version 2.0. See the file "[LICENSE](LICENSE)" for more information.

## Introduction

Backend CRUD storage module to support the Course Reserves functionality.

See [overview](ramls/overview.md) for more information.

## Prerequisites

* Java 11 JDK
* Maven 3.3.9

## Additional information

The [raml-module-builder](https://github.com/folio-org/raml-module-builder) framework.

Other [modules](https://dev.folio.org/source-code/#server-side).

Other FOLIO Developer documentation is at [dev.folio.org](https://dev.folio.org/)

### Issue tracker

See project [MODCR](https://issues.folio.org/browse/MODCR)
at the [FOLIO issue tracker](https://dev.folio.org/guidelines/issue-tracker).

### API documentation

This module's [API documentation](https://dev.folio.org/reference/api/#mod-courses).

### Code analysis

[SonarQube analysis](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=org.folio%3Amod-courses).

### Download and configuration

The built artifacts for this module are available.
See [configuration](https://dev.folio.org/download/artifacts) for repository access,
and the [Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/folioorg/mod-courses/).
